TINY-7712: Added optional similar parameter to formatter.match (#7010)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Improved the performance when rendering UI components #TINY-7572
- When scrolling, the context toolbar will stick to where it was previously for large elements, such as tables #TINY-7545
- The context toolbar will now move out of the way when it overlaps with the selection, such as in table cells #TINY-7192

> - Improved `formatter.match` to take an optional `similar` parameter #TINY-7712

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `formatter.match` API can now take an optional `similar` parameter to check if the format partial matches #TINY-7712
```

### Changed
- Changed the load order so that the content css gets loaded before the editor gets populated with contents #TINY-7249
- Changed `emoticons`, `wordcount`, `code`, `codesample`, and `template` plugins to open dialogs using commands #TINY-7619

> - Changed `formatter.match` to take an optional `similar`-parameter #TINY-7712

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed `formatter.match` to take an optional `similar` parameter #TINY-7712
```

Reviewer: This should also be in the improved list, not in the changed list.
